what's up guys welcome to a another GTA
video in this video I'm just going to
run through the pink camos on a certain
amount of weapons not going to run
through any other camera until I
actually go purchase it this is just
going to be the pink camo on a few while
when I say few quite a few weapons just
so you can see what it looks like you
know because it is quite a bit of money
to actually buy the camo and yeah you
can just see what it looks like and then
we'll go from there so the first weapon
is the the AP pistol which is the the
automatic one looks quite cool on that
i'll give it a little fire there's the
the automatic pistol the next one is the
micro SMG which also looks quite cool
I'm just going to have a quick look see
if there's any on any other submachine
guns the reason why I'm doing it close
to the wall is well it's just so I can
get the camera a little bit closer
assault SMG looks quite cool on that
head round two assault rifles I didn't
put it on this one because they tend to
use this one a lot more that is the
carbine rifle then we got the sniper
rifle looks quite cool on that we got
the pump shotgun and then we got the
sawn-off shotgun as well and we've also
got it on the grenade launcher which
looks looks quite cool it would have
been good if you could actually put it
on frags maybe have pink frag grenades
but yeah that's pretty much this video
quite short quite a short video but if
you're new to my channel and came across
this video check out some others i did a
recently did apartment and garage tour
you can go check that out if you want i
will use a grenade launching people or
what it's saying why didn't you fire the
grenade launcher
there we go I don't want to waste too
much hammer is quite expensive i think
it's about 5,000 as of yet i'm not too
sure how you get the pink camo i'm
pretty sure is for hitting rank 70
currently ranked 83 so a Fink is 70 or
75 I should have researched it before I
made the video but i'm pretty sure is
unlocked by hitting a certain level and
I best move because I actually got the
police on me but I tell you one get me
now yeah if you enjoy the video feel
free to leave a like add it to your
favorites all that good stuff and if you
knew feel free to subscribe and I'll see
you in the next video cheers for
watching